Update gitlab-vcs-support.adoc (#6886)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/gitlab-vcs-support.adoc

- Usage pages do not include the GitLab project name under **Projects**. 
- Only users that created a project in CircleCI and triggered a build are counted as active users.

=== Gitlab OAuth for Free Plans

> - Customers with free Gitlab plans should use a personal API token when setting up a new project. The current CircleCI OAuth connection with Gitlab is not successfully refreshing the token after the two hour expire time. Users that are on a free Gitlab plan will not be able to setup additional projects and builds will fail after the two hour expiry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The current CircleCI OAuth connection with GitLab is not successfully refreshing the token after the two hour expiration time. Users that are on a free GitLab plan will not be able to set up additional projects and builds will fail after the two hour expiry. We are working on resolving this issue. In the meantime, users with free GitLab plans should use a personal access token when setting up a new project. 
```

> - We are working on resolving this issue. For users that have setup Gitlab project in Circle with OAuth using a Gitlab free plan. We recommend revoking the CircleCI application from within Gitlab by navigating to your users preferences/applications and using personal API tokens when setting up projects until the issue is resolved. You can delete your trigger and config from your project via project settings. You can then manually add them back using a personal api token. Note that the "GitLab X Token" is a secret and can be anything you want. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For users on the free GitLab plan that have already set up GitLab projects with OAuth in CircleCI, we recommend revoking the CircleCI application from within GitLab until this issue is resolved. 
+
. You can revoke the CircleCI application by navigating to your GitLab user account's Preferences > Applications.
+
. Next, delete your trigger and configuration from your CircleCI project via **Project Settings**.
+
. You can then manually add a new configuration and trigger using a personal access token. Note that the "GitLab X Token" is a secret and can be anything you want. 
```

> - We are working on resolving this issue. For users that have setup Gitlab project in Circle with OAuth using a Gitlab free plan. We recommend revoking the CircleCI application from within Gitlab by navigating to your users preferences/applications and using personal API tokens when setting up projects until the issue is resolved. You can delete your trigger and config from your project via project settings. You can then manually add them back using a personal api token. Note that the "GitLab X Token" is a secret and can be anything you want. 

Reviewer: Does "secret" mean secret in the env var context, or just "private"/"secure"? And this can be literally a string containing any characters?

Author: literally a string of characters they provide
